
The cygwin setup app is available at: http://cygwin.com

The default packages selected by Cygwin are a good starting point for running
Feisty Meow on windows.  If you supplement this set with a few additional
packages, you can rely on the apt-cyg tool rather than having to run the
Cygwin setup program (which can be a little fiddly).  Here is a step by step
process to getting going with apt-cyg:

1) Install Cygwin.

Run the Cygwin setup exe from their website.  Keep all the default packages
that the installer suggests, but add the following additional ones (the
easiest way to add additional packages is to switch to the "Full" view for the
package list and then search for the terms below):

  + lynx
  + wget
  + subversion

2) Install apt-cyg.

The apt-cyg program brings the convenience of the Debian and Ubuntu installer
application (apt) to Cygwin.  This program does require a couple of additional
setup steps.

This material is drawn from the apt-cyg home page:
  https://github.com/transcode-open/apt-cyg

Start the cygwin bash prompt (there should be a desktop icon or start menu
icon for it called something like "cygwin64") and run the following
commands (omitting the '#' in front):

  # lynx -source rawgit.com/transcode-open/apt-cyg/master/apt-cyg > apt-cyg
  # install apt-cyg /bin

3) Install the basic set of cygwin apps and libraries.

These tools are not necessarily needed by the Feisty Meow scripts, but they
are all required to create a sane and useful Unix or Linux environment on
MS-Windows.  You may find you will want additional packages installed in the
future, and you can use this same approach.

In the cygwin bash prompt, type this command:

# apt-cyg install bc crypt cygutils emacs email expect gcc-g++ git gitk \
  gvim inetutils less lynx make mutt ncftp openssh perl procps python \
  sharutils shutdown subversion time unzip util-linux vim wget xinit \
  xterm zip

You may have cleverly spotted that we repeated some package names that were
already installed using the Cygwin setup program in step 1.  That is fine and
should just fetch the latest versions.

Later, to update the apt-cyg package datebase to the latest available on the
internet, you can run this command:

# apt-cyg update

We don't currently know of an analog in apt-cyg of the "apt dist-upgrade"
command, which fetches all updated versions of the installed packages.  We
think the install command above will upgrade packages when there are new ones
available.  Also, the cygwin setup tool (bless its heart) may automatically
update packages if you run it again (you don't need to select anything again,
but just run through the install process to get the latest).

==> hmmm: verify above claims.


